The biographies of the two detainees would not be brothers
malnutrition explained nuno alegre - how is the cost
the other way
There's no way I wanted my guns n 'roses this way.
thanks
still do not know
sin
the heat
the only thing I know how to do this in a phased way
but certain troops
translation to 27 7%
I want to say nothing
proof
to cook
the body of aline than the real
the success
There's nothing I can do.
buy a wig and clothes
not
I want him to come back
kidney beans
I have to train a lot
I had to limit myself to increasing income and supply
everything here he
direct red card
with contract until September 30
anything else
not
the world wants the American economy
Worldwide
1 all
to make matters worse
g
now